# Composition Exercise

## Prerequisite

Challenges participants to create an accordion component in React that can display multiple items with expandable/collapsible content. It requires an understanding of React component structure and props handling.

## Accordion

> A vertically stacked set of interactive headings that each reveal a section of content.

### Component API

```jsx
<Accordion>
  <AccordionItem value="item-1" isOpen={true|false}>
    <AccordionTrigger onClick={() => {}}>What does 42 mean?</AccordionTrigger>
    <AccordionContent>
      42 is the "Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything" in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy books.
    </AccordionContent>
  </AccordionItem>
  {/* Add more items... */}
</Accordion>
```

**AccordionItem Props**:

- `value`: string
- `isOpen`: boolean

**AccordionTrigger Props**:

- `onClick`: () => void

**AccordionContent Props**:

- None

### Instructions

1. Create an `Accordion` folder in the `src/components/surfaces` directory.
2. Create a file for each sub-component (`Accordion.tsx`, `AccordionItem.tsx`, `AccordionTrigger.tsx`, `AccordionContent.tsx`).
3. Create an Accordion.stories.tsx file to create your workplace in Storybook for your component.
4. Implement the logic for each component, ensuring that the `Accordion` component manages the state of its active item while the sub-components are controlled by props.
5. Write unit tests to validate the functionality of the accordion component.
6. If you are already familiar with `useState`, consider using React Context to manage the uncontrolled state of the active accordion item based on its value.

### Helper Links

- [useState Hook](https://react.dev/learn/managing-state)
- [React Context](https://react.dev/learn/passing-data-deeply-with-context)
- [Example Component](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/accordion)
- [Testing React Components](https://react.dev/learn/testing-react-components)
